[Security][Workflows][9.5 & Serverless]  Document `waitForApproval` step and HITL external delivery (#7509)
elastic/docs-content: explore-analyze/workflows/reference/glossary.md

Named values set by `data.set` steps. Global within an execution. Accessed as `variables.<name>`. Refer to [`data.set`](/explore-analyze/workflows/steps/data.md#data-set).

### waitForApproval [workflows-glossary-wait-for-approval]

```{applies_to}
stack: preview 9.5+
serverless: preview
```

A human-in-the-loop step that pauses a workflow for an approve or reject decision. Refer to [Human-in-the-loop](/explore-analyze/workflows/authoring-techniques/human-in-the-loop.md) and [`waitForApproval`](/explore-analyze/workflows/steps/wait-for-approval.md).

### waitForInput [workflows-glossary-wait-for-input]

> The human-in-the-loop primitive. Pauses a workflow for human input. Refer to [Human-in-the-loop](/explore-analyze/workflows/authoring-techniques/human-in-the-loop.md) and [`waitForInput`](/explore-analyze/workflows/steps/wait-for-input.md).

Reviewer: Since this isn't the only hitl step anymore, I'd suggest changing from "the" to "a":
```suggestion
A human-in-the-loop step that pauses a workflow for human input. Refer to [Human-in-the-loop](/explore-analyze/workflows/authoring-techniques/human-in-the-loop.md) and [`waitForInput`](/explore-analyze/workflows/steps/wait-for-input.md).
```

Author: Addressed in [`3586491` (this PR)](https://github.com/elastic/docs-content/pull/7509/changes/35864915eb48903dc708aa5ce9fde7270050b7c5).
